before I even took the job at Penn State
when I watched him on TV else Manny's
kid is cat quick he is lightning fast
Fraser firs three he's our star and
usually give stars days off usually try
to back off on your stars you know what
he doesn't want that and I'm not gonna
give it to me either get in the pocket
get the pocket getting a pocket now no
good nice job I don't look myself as a
star I look at herself it's just you
know player on the point guard over the
Penn State basketball team that you know
it's not a few guys he can do I scores
my friend sure that is ready having a
point guard is crucial such as someone
like me who was a point guard he comes
out every night knows what pressure is
on
I've learned the most from Taylor you
know you play the same position as me
and he's got a lot of things I want to
do and kind of led me in the right path
told me to always be the first and
everything I do you know as far as the
straining and going hard at all times we
got the company he go we attack we play
hard so we got messy entities people you
know we had southern conversations where
the leadership role would not be in my
hands and you know things I had to take
on I'm not gonna say Tim's trying to
follow suit because I think 10 ones to
exceed all expectations and I'm trying
to instill leadership in Tim Frazier
something to talk about all the time
leadership never takes a day off let him
run his own practice you ran his own
film session he runs his own shooting
with the guys he's really just been kind
of unleashing the reins you know as far
as now you know it was his team and the
beginning you know preseason all season
to the huge coast we're all trying to
get it the team has to come over to
myself and the captain he could
leadership leadership he's got to have
ownership of this team how many other
tablets because if I'm still new owner
this team and we're not where we need to
be at this point the year